you
what's up man 25 gamers welcome to my
youtube channel today's video we're
going to focus on another defensive tip
for men 25 next-gen console of gaming
here in today's tip we're going to focus
on a blitz compliment the Blitz we
showed yesterday so you can go down my
youtube channel by clicking my little
profile name at the bottom of the screen
and you can check out some of my other
previously done videos you can check out
my left side pressure blood cell my ways
to beat man coverage and different
things like that but today we're going
to show you a left side compliment to
our right side pressure blitz so that
when we showed you yesterday was the
mics and crash and today we're going to
show you the will punch through seem now
the real post regime does require a
little bit more of a setup than the mic
Sam crash but we're going to go through
this and a couple of different a managed
to give you a little bit more knowledge
about the splits in different ways you
can utilize it to still get some decent
pressure on maintaining pretty decent
coverage okay guys and also before we do
that go ahead and check in the links
below check my men 25 twitch livestream
page out you can check that out and
follow me on twitch for live streaming
madden 25 gameplay and then if you guys
also don't mind check out some of my
other YouTube buddies down there z boy
Ryan dikes s gives and z falls all those
guys give great content related to
madden 25 gaming alright let's hop into
this tip the will push three seamen of
the 43 and remember the CEO seahawks
defense playbook does have this play but
i recommend using the oakland raiders
playbook because they have they have
plays like the cover 3 buzz and the mid
blitz that i really like in this game
okay so let's hop into this player real
quick and we'll showcase this blitz so
what you want to do guys with this blitz
will take it look at it stock and you
see the one problem here we'll take a
look at it is replay and this is what
you always want to do when you're
landing up a blitz you want to run it a
couple times just standard and then you
want to see what happens in ends to be
played as we see in this to replay the
deepest attack on the left side does not
occupy that guard like we want him to
his slant which to me that means its
lands a little bit too significant so we
need to kind of adjust the slants of the
lineman so that the tackle will occupy
that guard now my first idea here
I'm just going to read less Williams and
we'll see here now that pressure loops
around the edge now does it come at a
hundred percent clean as you guys notice
so we can always take something from we
can always go back a look at the replay
and you know how of course NFL teams
they look at the tape you know and then
you look at the replay to kind of see
where you went wrong some different ways
you could do the play to make it a
little bit more effective and that time
we see that's slam does we want it to
come to the big app because that's
probably the cleanest Avenue because it
loops around it doesn't it doesn't quite
get it as well so now we're going to try
to contain that defensive tackle and
there you see that blitz comes through
but then the guard sides over so once
again there's it's all of that stuff and
this is what the process was when I was
laughing this up so then we're going to
slant a line to the left to the right
and there you see the Blitz comes
through the B gap a little bit there and
so everything we try to do to change the
Blitz angle has failed us so now we're
going to try to spy guy some as we saw
on the mic Sam crash video that does a
lot better and then AC everyone kind of
gets in but he he kind of gets bottled
up and so we're going to continue on
with this process and now we're going to
do you know just kind of repeat went
rinse and repeat over and over again
until we find the krabby patty formula
that works so another thing we could do
you know potentially if you're when
you're alive the blitzes you could
spread the line you could crash it to
the right do two things instead of just
one and they see ever been starting to
come in as well there and the problem
I've noticed with this blitz is is it's
just like I can't get my guy to come
through the B gap because of his
blitzing go so I could maybe try free
blitzing just the linebacker or
something different things you want to
do to find your boots but overall this
is what I came up with works the best I
would do just spread your line and crash
the line to the right side that works
best for me another setup that I really
like out of this is just to maybe spread
the line and contain that defensive
tackle and sometimes that works a little
bit better than you just saw but the way
blessing works in madden 25 is you can't
quite predict it a hundred percent you
just have to kind of use your knowledge
of what normally works to help you out
as you see that's probably the most
consistent is to just slant the line to
the right
okay slant the line to the right corvex
by this guy and fly zone Bryant and
that's going to be the most consistent
it's going to be passive pressure it's
not gonna be you know like the mic Sam
crash where I came right through that V
gap but it's not bad you know and
especially if you're just trying to wait
let him feel the pot the pressure and it
really is a pretty decent bliss you're
only sending three guys the quarterback
no I mean not counting the quarterbacks
by you know we can put him in anything
you don't necessarily have to spy him so
there's a lot of setups that we went
through to get to this but what I want
to go ahead and showcase you guys as my
favorite one is to spy the defensive
tackle over the center and to put the
defensive end on the right side into
like a fly zone and that does a really
good job it also does a really good job
for left side run offense but the
problem with it again is as we were
saying before there's one thing missing
from this and so we're going to have to
go ahead and change those boots size
we're gonna have to crash the line to
the right before we do this and now you
see that blitz come around see how it
loops around like that that's perfectly
executed exactly how we wanted to play
out and it's easier to do than some of
the other blitz as we've talked about in
the past and you see urban just puts
that pressure on it makes the
quarterback feel the pressure okay guys
so I know it took a long time to get to
the main point of the video I wanted to
kind of go take you through my process
of laughing up a blitz and showing you
how it works in practice mode and you
can take this too gay to game of tested
the bowl all these buses out will they
work 100% know they won't especially if
they're sliding their line or blocking
ass back but 99% of time but they don't
slide line up like a halfback you will
get a guy free using this blitzing set
up if you don't get a guy free you'll
get some pressure decent pressure better
pressure than you would from a
traditional rush okay guys i really want
to appreciate take this time to
appreciate all guys who came out or
watch my videos and check out my
livestream channel you guys mean the
world to me hopefully the splits will
help you out tomorrow we're going to
show you an a gap pressure blitz to
combine with your right side and left
side pressure so that you can get now
bring pressure right up the middle right
in the quarterbacks face okay guys so
thank you for your time today I hope you
guys enjoyed the video if you've had any
problems viewing the video or any
malfunctions please they'll be no and I
will deal with it as soon as possible
thank you
time today guys have a great evening
you